♪♪
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
[cord rattling]
♪♪
[crowd cheering]
- Turn it up!
- [cheers continue]
["Water Bomb"
by Bradley Morgan Dale playing]
Go, Billy!
["Water Bomb" continues]
- Coach, he's really good.
- Yeah, but Billy's better.
At least without a kite.
["Water Bomb" continues]
[cheering]
♪♪
[cheers and whooping]
- Dude, you sent it.
- That was epic, my man.
- Oh, thanks, guys.
- Billy, that was like super amazing.
Like, really, I can't believe
all the tricks you can do.
Thanks, Sasha.
Bye-bye.
- Thanks, guys.
- Hey, baby.
Hey, Sarah, did you see my runs?
Oh, no. Sorry.
I was on the phone with Daddy.
I can't believe I hit that 540.
Yeah, pretty good. Pretty good.
[snorts] Pretty good? Ah, come on.
Not good enough anymore, son.
Needs to be a 720
for you to have a shot.
A shot? What do you mean?
Um, babe, can I talk to you like, pronto?
540s just won't cut it.
Not now, not anymore.
Gotta push it harder, son.
Yeah, but what do you
mean if I have a shot?
Uh, please, Billy?
Wind Voyager Triple-S.
- [scoffs] Yeah, right. I wish.
- Please, Billy,
- I need to talk to you, okay?
- Sarah...
He decides, Sarah.
Look. You're the best on the board
that's ever come out of Hydrous,
maybe even Texas, and you're even better
when you add a kite.
So... we all chipped in...
[cheering]
...and paid the entry fee.
We signed you up for the Open bracket
for the Triple S.
[cheering]
And here's another 500 bucks
to get you to Cape Hatteras.
[cheering]
This is your shot.
- You did this for me?
- No, no, no.
All of us did, Billy. Right?
[cheering]
- We're your family.
- Put us on the map, Billy.
I really appreciate this, guys.
This is so epic.
I won't let you down.
Babe? We need to talk. Right now.
- Sarah...
- Ooh.
- See the world, Billy.
- Oof.
- [girl] Hey!
- Sarah, what is wrong with you?
- What are you doing?
- Cape Hatteras?
The Outer Banks”? Really?
Babe, you're 22 years old.
It's a little late to go down this path,
don't you think?
Where are you gonna get
with kiting anyways?
It's not like you can make
a real career out of it.
I talked to Daddy.
He said the offer still stands.
You did not. Uh-uh, not a chance.
I already said no.
- He forgives you.
- Forgives me?
Babe, this is a real career.
You can start your way out in the factory,
work your way up to management.
Who knows? In a few years,
you could be the youngest VP
in the whole company.
Selling batteries? Sarah,
you can't be serious.
We can stay here and start the life
that we've always wanted, Billy.
No, Sarah, this is the life
that you have always wanted.
You need to grow up and be a man.
I'm out.
[people murmuring]
[exasperated sigh] Billy...
- Where you going?
- Getting my 540 to a 720.
Don't you walk away from me,
Billy Johnson.
This whole kiteboarding thing?
It's stupid. It is ridiculous.
So stupid, there is no future in it
whatsoever, and you know what?
If you walk away, we are done.
Officially done.
[crowd reacts]
This is all your fault.
You know that? Hmm?
[scoffs]
[birds chirping]
[dogs barking in distance]
Oh!
Boom.
[line rings]
[phone buzzes]
Nope. You need to suffer
a little bit more.
[buzzing stops]
[voice mail] It's Sarah.
I'm not free, but apparently you are.
[phone clicks]
♪♪
[car approaching]
Hey, Coach.
I got the seven,
nine, ten, 12, 14 meters.
I've got the boards, fins, harness,
leashes, bars.
Hey, Dixie. How are you, baby?
What am I missing?
You'll need these.
Oh, man. These are the best earphones.
And Sasha put a bunch of music
somehow on this thing.
Oh, yeah. My playlist.
I spent a lot of hours practicing to this.
Thanks, Coach.
Are you sure you don't want to come?
What, and leave all this?
No, young man, I can't.
- Sarah not going?
- Uh, nah.
No, it's all right.
Gives me more time to focus, you know?
Hmm.
- Only 21 hours to Hatteras, right?
- Yeah.
Things happen
for a reason sometimes, Billy.
- Yeah, I suppose.
- Yeah.
Look, Coach, I just...
I want to thank you
for all that you've done for me.
- Stop it.
- No, I'm serious.
No, no, no. Enough.
Billy, I loved your mom and dad.
They were like family.
It's what families do, right?
So...
I would like you to do
one thing for me out there in this world.
Yes, sir. Anything.
Be good to people. Pay it forward.
Yes, sir. I will.
Thanks, Coach.
♪♪
[car engine starts]
[dog whines]
♪♪
["It's Alright" by Valley Lodge
playing throughout]
[moos]
[growls]
[steamboat whistle]
["It's Alright" continues]
♪♪
Hmm.
[sighs]
[line rings]
[phone buzzes]
[sighs] I can't do this now.
[phone clicks]
Really? [sighs] Wow, Billy.
- [music playing on stereo]
- [beeping]
Oh, man.
["It's Alright" resumes playing]
♪♪
- [man] How much today, babe?
- [waitress] $3.95, hon.
- Just keep it.
- Thank you, see you tomorrow.
Um, excuse me.
Where's the restroom?
- Straight down that way.
- Thanks.
- Hi there.
- Yeah?
Uh, okay. I just need $40 of gas, please.
- Ah, shit. Johnny! Got a runner!
- Back alley.
Wait, what's going on?
Is everything okay?
Whore done run the check.
Well, it's gonna cost you
a lot more now, bitch.
I can handle this, dickhead.
- Ooh. Spicy.
- Get away from me.
No, you've been asking
for this all afternoon.
[creepy laugh] Yeah, you have.
Dream on, you fucking freaks.
Johnny, don't let this whore
talk to us like that.
Yeah, this is gonna be fun.
- Come here.
- [grunts]
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Okay. Maybe...
maybe we could come
to some sort of arrangement.
[laughs] Johnny, I think
we has us something here.
Wait, she didn't pay?
No, and we don't need
her sort around here.
- Well, how much does she owe?
- Twelve dollars.
Okay, um, here's the 40 for my gas.
[Sky] No! Stop! Please! [groaning]
Hey! Hey!
What are you doing? Stop it!
This ain't none of your business, boy.
You best mind your own
and get on down the road.
Leave her alone.
You can't go treating people this way.
- [struggling, grunting]
- Look, just...
just take it, okay?
It-it covers everything plus some.
[Slimeball] You're sweet
on that bitch, ain't ya?
[Johnny] That's a lot of money, boy.
How much you got there, huh?
- Are we done here?
- Nah, oh, no.
Don't think so.
Look, I don't want
any trouble here, okay?
It's too late for that, boy.
Give me that money.
I warned you.
I don't want any trouble.
Warned us? Didn't you tell him
to give us that money?
I sure did.
I'm afraid this ain't
gonna be your day, boy.
[screaming]
[Billy] Back off!
You're gonna fucking break it. [screams]
Give me my 20 back.
Come on, Johnny.
- Just do it. [groaning]
- Get on the ground.
- Just do it!
Hands behind your head.
Lay on your stomach.
[groaning, grunting]
- Are we done? What?
- Yes. Yes!
Your glenoid is the cartilage
in your shoulder.
It's gonna take a few days to heal.
[grunts] Get off me!
- Keep moving.
- You missing something?
- Leave me alone.
- Is this yours?
I said drive on, pew.
Hey! This is yours.
Oh, it's you. And yeah, that's mine.
Well, aren't you welcome?
So where you headed?
Everywhere.
Okay. Well, I'm headed to North Carolina.
Yeah. No, thanks.
I didn't offer you a ride.
Yet, and you will.
So you're just gonna walk to...
everywhere? [chuckles]
Look, I just need a ride to the next town,
and let me set you straight...
no blowjobs, no handjobs
and no touching.
Okay? Just a ride.
Wrong guy. I'm not
interested in any of that.
Yeah. Right.
All right. Suit yourself.
Hey, wait, please, please.
I just need a ride, okay?
It's been a really bad day.
Yeah. Tell me about it.
All right. Hop in.
["Used to Know" by Starcrawler begins]
So, um, where are you from anyway?
Can we just not talk?
I need rest. Please, just... quiet.
["Used to Know" playing]
♪♪
["Yeah, Boy" by Kelsea Ballerini
playing on radio]
[grunts] What the hell?
Where are we?
OBX. Outer Banks.
Best wind in the country.
- Wind?
- You'll see.
So what's your name, anyway?
Skyler Sinclair,
but most people call me Sky.
[sighs] Thanks for letting me sleep.
I feel so much better.
And, um, I guess I should say thanks
for helping me out back there.
That your real name? Skyler?
Mm-hmm.
Billy Johnson, Jr.
- Sorry. Say what?
- My name.
Well, I didn't ask.
Really? You going there?
Yeah. [chuckles]
I'm just kidding. You don't really
look like a Billy.
Sorry. Say what?
You look like a Seth.
- Yeah. Surfer Seth.
- Hey!
Nope. I'm a Billy.
I'm Billy and I kite.
You some kind of pervert?
You play with kites?
No, not those kind of kites. [laughs]
Okay? And I'm not a pervert.
Oh, no way.
♪♪
Come on. I need you to take my picture.
- Oh, 'kay.
- Be sure to get the sign.
Okay. Oh.
Looking good.
- Okay, now get on the ground.
- Okay.
I like this a lot.
Now get behind the sign.
Good call.
Ooh. Okay. Now you're getting creative.
- I got it.
- [phone buzzes]
[gasps] Ooh, a Sarah's calling.
- Hey, give that back.
- Who is she? Should I answer?
- No. Definitely not.
- [gasps] Oh, my God.
She's not right for you.
That's obvious.
- Now!
- Dude, she called twice
and texted, like, five times.
- [laughs] Oh, oh, oh! Another one.
- Stop.
Give me my phone.
"I just called again.
Why won't you call me back?"
- Enough, Sky.
- Want me to respond?
- No.
- [phone buzzes]
Ooh, "Now I'm pissed off."
She sent the finger emoji?
Yeah, Seth, she ain't happy.
Give me my phone.
Damn. I was just messing with you.
[bird cawing]
- [clicking]
- [text sent tone]
So is she your gal?
Did you dump her or something?
Come on.
Fine. Crabby.
["Whatchu Thinking"
by Becky Middleton playing]
continues playing]
♪♪
Come on.
These are the kites I play with.
♪♪
[Sky] What the hell?
[sighs]
Here. Take better care of this.
[laughs] You look happy, Seth.
Yeah. I'm competing.
Super Bowl of kiteboarding.
The biggest pro-tournament in America.
That guy over there?
He's the best hope for American kiters.
- He have a name?
- Skeeter Bowman.
- Jake, my man.
- [groans]
Shit, Skeet. You scared
the shit out of me.
- How are you doing?
- Oh, are we gonna do this?
We? You're gonna do this, baby.
- That's what I like to hear.
- Look at this.
It keeps getting bigger every year.
Can you believe it?
[Skeeter] Yeah, man. Gonna rip it up.
It's gonna be an amazing week.
[Billy] That's Jake Wind.
He owns Wind Voyager.
Huge sponsor.
Skeeter rides for Jake.
[Sky] Who are they?
Just the best professional riders
on the planet.
[Sky] Ooh. Don't be nervous.
You need to chill.
Chill? Really?
- Yeah. I got this.
- What are you talking about?
You know they breathe
the same air as us.
- I mean, let's go meet them.
- No, no. Not gonna happen.
- Maybe not for you.
- Sky, no!
Uh, hey, guys. Hey there.
- What a beautiful day. I'm Sky.
- Yeah, you are.
- I'm Jake. Jake Wind.
- Hey.
I'm Skeeter. They call me Skeets.
- I'm a hugger.
- Oh, me too.
Sorry, Uncle Jake, she barged right in.
Registration is over there.
Uh, yeah, you're
the Wind Voyager Jake, right?
Right. Uh, this is Aubrey,
my over-protective niece.
- Do I know you?
- Well, you do now.
Ha. I guess I do.
Uh, hey, Johnson!
Seth! Come on. Come over here.
Oh, sorry. He's a little nervous.
Seth, come on over here.
Come on. I want you
to meet my new friends.
Um, Jake, Skeeter, this is
my boyfriend, Seth,
and he's going to win your S tournament.
- [Skeeter and Billy] Boyfriend?
- Mm-hmm.
Nice to meet you, Seth.
A, uh, future champion, I take it?
Uh, yeah, I don't really know
what to say, Mr. Wind.
- But yeah, I'm competing in Triple-S.
- Hola, amigo.
Have I seen you on the water before?
No. But definitely follow you, Skeeter.
Oh, people call him Skeets.
Yeah, chill, bro.
Call me Skeets. Stoked.
I heard you were gonna throw a 900?
Oh, boy knows his stuff.
- Yeah. You got to spin it to win it.
- Just awesome.
- Wait. You understand that?
- Yeah. Win. He wants to win.
You guys going to the 2Chainz opener
tonight? Should be epic.
- 2Chainz?
- Uh, yes, he's a close pal of ours.
- No shit.
- Shit.
- Impressive. Peeps in high places.
- Mm-hmm.
Speak of the devil, there's Big Hair.
That's 2Chainz sound guy for tonight.
Oh, my God! Big Hair!
How are you? I'm Sky.
I used to work with you and 2Chainz
and uh, just go along with it, okay?
- [laughs]
- Mm, Sky. My lady.
Sky, I didn't know you'd be here.
You bringing it as always.
Aw, you are so sweet.
Big Hair, meet Jake, Skeeter
- and you remember Seth.
- Yeah, we know each other.
- Glad you could make it, man.
- Yeah, man.
Super-stoked for the show, man.
Seth, man. Peace and love, man.
I'm looking forward to seeing
you motherfuckers fly.
- [laughter]
- Thefts what we do.
Yeah, man, it's gonna be crazy.
Sky, don't be such a stranger.
- You cool?
- Always.
- All right.
- Oh...
[whispers] Thank you.
Bye. Good seeing you.
Hello, gentlemen.
Ah, Catherine.
- Jake. Aw.
- Always a pleasure.
Looks like we have
a very good field this year.
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh, and do tell.
Who is this young one?
Catherine, meet Seth.
Mm. Seth. I am Miss DeLivia.
Perhaps we can get to know
each other better this week?
Maybe you want to give
the new kid a little break?
No, Jakey. Why would I
ever do such a thing?
- Well, I'll tell you why, you cougar.
- Sky, chill.
No, do not ever tell me to chill.
Oh, a mouth on this one, huh?
- Hey, Uncle Jake.
- Yeah.
Look at this.
Oh, Seth, you're not on the board.
Uh, yeah, well, my real name's Billy.
Billy Johnson Jr.
Alderic's here? You didn't tell me
that French dickhead was competing.
I'll explain that later.
So which is it? Seth or Billy?
Well, honestly, I don't really know
why she calls me Seth.
We're not even together.
We just met yesterday.
Not a Billy Johnson here either.
I'm afraid I'm not sure what to do here.
Well, I got this.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, this is an invitation
to the Open. I'm sorry.
Your registration's over there.
[Skeeter] Man, you're an Open shredder?
You have to win the Open in order
to participate in the Triple-S,
but good luck.
Hey, then he's going to win them both.
Jake and you, Skeets, watch out
'cause my honey's ass is gonna Kick yours.
I don't care what your name is.
Trust that I'll be seeing
all of you real soon.
For now, I will just be calling you
Honey Ass.
[snorts] You just got served.
Oops, I have got to run, boys.
Massage time.
[annoyed laugh]
Will we be seeing you
at that 2Chainz concert later?
No, darling. Those are not
the kind of chains enjoy.
[laughs]
[exhales sharply]
I'm really sorry
for the misunderstanding, guys.
- Sky, are you coming?
- Oh, no.
[mockingly] Massage time. Duty calls.
[scoffs] No, I'm gonna
hang out here. You go ahead.
Whatever. I'm really sorry.
Yeah. Whatever.
[indistinct shouting]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey, hey. Thanks for your support.
[fanfare playing on TV]
Tony Smith here
in Cape Hatteras, North Carolina
at the warm ups for the Wind Voyager
Triple-S kiteboarding Championship.
In today's feature segment,
we take an in-depth look
at four time champion Sam Light,
hailing from Great Britain.
Sam competes all over the world
and has become
a great ambassador for the sport.
Look for him here at the Triple-S
Invitational on OBXS.
Here you go.
- I'll be back for your order in a sec.
- Yeah.
How are you guys doing?
- Good.
- Good? Awesome.
- Are you guys doing okay?
- We're good, thanks.
Okay. Great.
Welcome to Hydrous, can I take...
- Oh, you...
- Well, hello there, Sasha.
Like, slinging beers now, are we?
Hmm. Welcome to Hydrous.
Would you two like something to drink?
I'll have a glass of your rosé.
Oh, make that two. Your best ones.
But first, could you, like, read off
the specials for us?
Yeah. Uh, but I just wanted
to let you know
how sorry we all are
that it didn't work out.
That what didn't work out?
You know, you and Billy.
Oh, such a shame,
with everything going so awesome
for him up there.
Oh, and the 2Chainz thing.
- 2Chainz?
- Oh, that's right.
Like, you're not on the group texts.
- My bad.
- [laughs]
Sweetie, look here. There is not
a group text that I'm not on, actually.
[cell phone buzzes, dings]
You sure about that?
Take care of these ladies, please.
- He's been blowing up my phone.
- Constantly.
Oh, so sad since he decided
to work in that shithole little town.
Oh, that's not what I was told,
but then again, what would I know?
Wine's coming up.
[phone beeping]
[clears throat]
[line rings]
Daddy!
This is so exciting. I've never done
anything like this before.
- It's crazy.
- Hey.
Oh, hold up a sec.
- Um, anyway, Sensi, thank you so much.
- Yeah.
I can't wait to see you tonight
at 2Chainz.
- See you later. Bye.
- Bye.
I just registered.
I've got to check into my place
for the next week.
Uh... do you have a place to stay?
- Um...
- [horn honks]
[hip-hop blaring]
Who's that?
That's world champion Alderic Amedee.
Hey.
- Oh, shit. Yeah.
- I see the French douchebag.
Whoa! Alderic Amedee,
the world champion, is here.
What a waste of time, guys, huh?
[in French] Hey Eve, we're gonna
hurry up and get out of here.
Okay?
- Welcome, Alderic.
- Thank you.
Glad you're here to compete.
Uh, no compete. No. No, no, no.
I'm here because Eve,
my sponsor, say I must,
but, uh... I mean, look,
no competition here. Huh?
Ugh. What an asswipe.
Nonetheless, you are welcome.
Speak for yourself, Jake.
I remember you.
You're one of the American boys, huh?
Why don't you go butt-chug
a bottle of wine?
Alderic will crush you.
Hey, Alderic. No competition today.
Eve.
- Jake?
- Oh, Jake. [laughs]
Last time I saw you
in the South of France, huh?
You ran away like a little bitch.
- [chuckles]
- [in French]
That's not how I would characterize it.
I think actually yes,
most people would characterize like that.
[laughs]
[in French]
Hey, Frenchie.
Eh?
Cocksuckers say what?
- What?
- [laughter]
Yeah. You heard me.
Ah. [laughs] Funny.
Yeah. I got you. You know what?
If you're lucky, Alderic will have you
for dessert one night.
- Oh, wow.
- [Billy] Hey.
That is not how we talk
to women in this country.
Oh, yeah? This country?
- This country.
- [crowd reacts]
- [grunting]
- [crowd jeering]
Oh, my God.
[Jake] Boys, break it up!
What are you doing?
Hey! Hey!
No. Break it up. Stop it, stop it.
- [Alderic grunts]
- Go. Hey!
Go on! Stop, it's a long week!
- Just chill.
- Chill? I got no chill.
[in French]
- Go. Go!
- [spits]
Alderic, settle.
Jake, you're right. We go.
- Yeah, sure you go. Huh? Go!
- [Eve] We go.
- Go, go.
- We go.
- You okay? Good.
- Yeah. I'm good. Sorry.
That's twice you stood up for me.
[breathing hard] Can we go?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Yeah, sure. Here.
Yo, Seth or Billy or whatever
your name is, man.
Here are two tickets to 2Chainz tonight.
Both of you come.
You done good, bro.
[cheering]
[chuckles] That was dope.
Get back to work.
- [Billy] I guess this is it.
- [Sky] Not bad.
[Billy] You know Sensi Graves is
like one of the best, like, ever?
She is? She's definitely super cool.
- Yeah, I'm gonna work with her.
- Of course you are.
Seriously, and what kind of work
do you think you'll be doing with her?
Well, you'll see, and I'm pretty sure
you're gonna like it, though.
Not gonna be working for your good friend,
2Chainz, huh?
Watch it, Seth. You know I had
your back with them.
I know. And I'm sorry.
I'm not the girl from the diner, Seth.
I know all of them now.
All of your invited pros.
It's just not as easy for me.
Well, then give me a chance.
["I Do It So Well"
by The Struts playing]
Just walk in.
[indistinct chatter]
Hello. Excuse me.
Hey, guys?
Huh?
Oh. Hi, there.
Wel-welcome to A-Frames. [laughs]
Wow. Look at you.
Join?
Uh, not now, but thanks.
- Sure.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
- [laughing] Whoa, bro!
[Rad] ¿Cómo se llama?
My name's Sky
and that's my friend, Seth.
Great. Now I'm a friend.
- Can I?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- [laughs]
Please, hook that up.
Oh, you're going!
- There you go!
- Live tall.
- Oh, that is some good stuff!
- Yeah.
Um, he's competing
in that S-tournament thing.
Oh, very cool, dude. We are too...
for like the Open.
Yeah, I'm in the Open too.
They told me this was
my housing for the week?
Yeah, man. But bro,
you're the last one to get here.
Your room's over there.
It's pretty gnarly, dude.
It's all good. Trust me, I've had worse.
Come on, Sky.
Actually I'm gonna hang here with, um-
Oh, folks call me Rad.
And I'm Cal. Rad y Cal.
- Get it, muchacha?
- [laughter]
Do you mind taking my bag?
I mean, assuming that that's okay?
Got it.
[Rad] Pass me the bowl, bro.
- No problem, Rad.
- Bowl hog.
I know, right? Ro, rev.
[laughter]
[Sky] This is really good.
Wow! I'm very impressed!
[indistinct chatter]
♪♪
[lamp squeaking]
Put your hands together
for Rad and Cal.
["Bummy Ho" playing]
[Cal] Come on, let me hear
you all scream.
♪ Okay, okay, bummy ho,
bummy ho, bummy ho ♪
[rapping indistinctly]
♪ Okay, bummy ho,
bummy ho, bummy ho ♪
[continues rapping indistinctly]
♪ Bummy ho,
bummy ho, bummy ho ♪
♪ Bummy ho, bummy ho,
bummy ho ♪
[music slows and stops]
[continues squeaking]
So we were just arguing
about 2Chainz tonight.
Should be epic.
Some dude named Skeeter gave us tickets.
Some dude?
Babe, Skeets is the bomb.
Your boy Seth must be some badass kiter.
Don't really know.
[guitar strumming]
♪ I don't remember ♪
♪ Just what we were fighting for ♪
♪ The ups and the downs ♪
♪ Make it hard not to fight this war ♪
♪ Give me your heart
and promise you'll believe ♪
♪ Break down your walls, baby ♪
♪ Listen to me and sing ♪
♪ Talk to me ♪
[together] ♪ Talk to me ♪
♪ Whoa oh oh. ♪
That was nice.
I saw this in your truck. What is it?
Uh, a trident. It's also called the bird.
It's my dad's. Well, was.
Was?
Yeah. He was Special Forces for the Navy,
but he didn't come home.
Your dad was a SEAL.
You must...
you've gotta be so honored, so proud.
I suppose.
So, what time does 2Chainz start?
Midnight, I think.
I was gonna catch a nap.
Oh, so good. Can I join?
- Are you okay?
- Uh, yeah, I'm just... I'm a little tired
and I just need to rest a minute
if that's okay?
Of course.
♪♪
Thank you, Seth.
Thanks for being so nice to me.
Thank you for...
Oh, I'm so tired.
I think you're the most amazing girl
I've ever met.
♪♪
[phone buzzes, tweets]
["Gangsta Lean" playing]
[wolf whistle]
Can I help you? Oh, my God.
Babe alert.
Hey, Cal. No lie.
You gotta come check this out.
Another one landed at our front door.
Dude, I'm right here.
Righteous! She is gorgeous.
Hi. I was told Billy Johnson
is staying here.
- She's beautiful.
- A vision.
Think I have a shot?
No chance.
Oh, wait, wait.
We gotta do that again.
[both inhaling deeply]
Nailed it. [laugh]
Billy Johnson. Hmm?
Her name's Billie Johnson.
Hot chicks always have cool names.
No. No.
[grunting]
Oh, sorry. Okay.
I am looking for Billy Johnson.
Is he here?
You're not Billie Johnson?
- Now I'm confused.
- Huh. Now?
Look, the people at REAL Watersports
told me that Billy was staying here.
Oh, yeah, the Opie guy!
The dude who's cool with Skeets.
Yeah, he's here!
Ugh. Gross.
They're in there.
They?
[scoffs]
♪♪
Oh, shit.
- What the hell, Billy? What is this?
- Sarah, what are you...?
It's not what it looks like.
I leave you for all of two days
and you go and do this?
Chill. I can explain.
Do not tell me to chill. Okay?
What do you mean, you can explain?
- Who are you?
- Who the hell are you?
Um, I'm his girlfriend.
And this is my boyfriend
you're sleeping with.
- He wishes.
- Huh.
Oh, wait. I know who you are.
You're the girl who, um, kept on
blowing up his phone the entire trip here.
So you two took like a road trip
or something?
- Is that right?
- I just met her.
Really? That's how you're playing this?
You're sleeping with a girl you just met?
No, we didn't sleep together.
Okay, Seth, I don't talk
about my business.
I don't answer to her and certainly
don't answer to you.
Seth? Oh, no, no, no, little girl,
that's not his name.
What other lies did you
tell her to bang her, Billy?
Hmm? I mean, clearly not too many.
Sarah.
Whatever. I'm out.
You guys deserve each other.
He's all yours.
Whatever happened to amazing?
Sky! Sky!
Whoa!
Sarah, what are you doing here?
I texted you.
Here I fly into this godforsaken,
sand-filled wasteland
to come and forgive you
and give you a second chance,
and this how you repay me?
What are you talking about?
I mean, Hatteras,
this place is awesome. I love it.
Then stay here, then,
'cause I am getting the hell out of here.
Forget you, Billy Johnson, or Seth,
or whoever the hell
you're pretending to be.
Take your good last look. Hm.
- Whoa!
- [Sarah groans]
- Really?
- [Rad] Dude.
- I don't think that went to well.
- Uh-uh.
♪♪
[in French]
Hey, English. You need to practice.
Ah. These Americans. No discipline.
Well, I'm excited to see 2Chainz.
Such good friends. I don't get it.
I don't know how they can compete
during the day
and then dance, party all night.
I think they just grew up together,
you know,
and they're in the sports together.
I envy that.
Friends aren't a bad thing.
No, no, they're not a bad thing,
but they don't want
to be Alderic's friend.
Alderic, maybe not, but if you would be
more like yourself...
Not when I compete.
[indistinct chatter]
Sky, if I get to proclaim it,
you look phenomenal, like a goddess.
Thank you. I borrowed this,
but now I'm modeling Sensi's designs.
- No way!
- Yeah.
[boy] Sensi! Yeah!
Hey. Come on. It's worth a shot.
- Hey, can you let me in?
- Not gonna happen, buddy.
Yo, Seth, what's up, man?
Hey, you can let him in. He's cool.
Okay, you're in.
Oh, uh, they're with me.
Sorry, pal. Only you. Back in line.
- Thanks for trying, Billy.
- Thanks, Billy.
- Hey, see you soon.
- All right, man.
["I Do It So Well" by The Struts playing ]
I better take this.
Arriving fashionably late
from Cannes, France.
I'm watching you, Frenchie.
[in French]
Hey. Watch your mouth.
Oh, the Open boy is here. Wow.
Dick-less, skinny jean-wearing,
man-purse-toting piece of Euro-trash.
Oui, oui, Jackoozie.
- Shut the fuck up.
- Well, you shut the fuck up.
- I'll beat your ass.
- Bring it on.
Hey, hey. Not now.
God! It's ridiculous.
Championship hasn't even started.
You really want to go after it?
Well, does a Frenchman's fart
smell like fromage?
Huh? [in French]
- That's cheese, bro.
- [Jake] Skeeter!
I know how we'll settle it.
Tomorrow. A downwind.
No, no. I don't downwind with him.
Fight, yes. Downwind, no.
Yep, a free shred downwinder.
No rules, anything goes.
That's much better than a fight.
- Yeah.
- [people agreeing]
[Jake] After the Open, tomorrow.
We meet at Planet of the Apes.
- [cheering]
- I am so in.
Oh, little cowboy can kite, huh?
You're going to bring your trainer kite?
Get him out of here.
Let's go to the concert.
Oh, no, no, no. I go to the concert
when I want to go to the concert. Okay?
Oh, my God.
Let's go to the concert.
Copy. Uncle Jake. They're ready.
- Time for 2Chainz!
- [cheering]
- Y'all make some noise!
Now right now I want to introduce
to the stage
the man making this all possible.
Y'all make noise for Jake Wind,
from Wind Voyager!
[cheering]
I hope you're all looking pretty tonight.
I hope you're smiling
'cause we got cameras filming
- each and every one of you.
- [cheering]
Because the tournament is tomorrow,
what do we do tonight?
- Party! [cheering]
- [Jake] That's right.
It is my pleasure to introduce to you
from Hotlanta, Georgia,
Grammy-winning and American rap sensation,
give it up for 2Chainz!
[cheering and screaming]
["El Chapo Jr." begins]
[rapping]
[hype man] You ready?
One, two!
Uno, dos, tres, come on!
[rapping]
["El Chapo Jr." continues]
♪♪
[crowd screaming and cheering]
Show time!
♪♪
[Tony Smith] From Real Water Sports,
Cape Hatteras, North Carolina,
welcome to the Open qualifying day
for the Wind Voyager
Triple-S World Championship.
Today is unique because it's not
the pros who we watch compete,
rather amateurs from all over the world
who have gathered to show their skills
in hopes of being the one.
It's ugly. It'll be painful,
but each year,
the one amateur who wins today's Open
turns pro overnight
and earns the right to compete
the rest of the week
in the Triple-S Invitation.
And who will it be this year?
Our next competitor is Ryan Bowen,
representing beer Search and Rescue?
Is that a hockey helmet?
- This guy any good?
- No, dude. He sucks.
Yeah, he's totally whack, bro.
♪♪
[all] Oh! Oh!
[in unison] Oh!
- Total yard sale.
- Tomahawk.
[Smith] Representing Hydrous Wake Park
in Dallas, Texas,
next up is Billy Johnson Jr.
- You're up next, Billy.
- Crush it, man.
Hey, dude. Can we get a ride
to the downwinder after the Open?
Yeah, dude. For sure.
- Oh, dope.
- All right. Thanks.
Sweet. Later, dude. Kill it!
[Rad laughs]
♪♪
I'm Billy Johnson Jr.
and I'm gonna do a 720.
Johnson says he's doing a 720.
- [radio beeps]
- Yeah, right.
♪♪
- Oh! Badass!
- Stuck it!
Copped it.
[air horn blows]
["Amped" by David H. Wurst playing]
[car horns honking]
[indistinct chatter]
[Cal] Ooh, yeah!
Dude, this is gonna be big. [laughs]
[cheering]
Billy, this is for you.
- Really?
- Oh, yeah.
We'll go rig your gear. Come on, Cal.
Rad and Cal are here!
- Hey, Skeeter.
- Dude, you made it!
I heard you crushed it at the Open.
I think I did okay, but we'll see.
♪♪
Heard you did good.
Look, can we talk?
Sky, babe, he crushed it.
I'm happy for you.
Here, bro.
Thanks.
Sorry, excuse me.
- Hi!
- Hey.
[yells] You're such an ass.
[laughs]
Alderic Amedee,
the world champion is here.
Alder-dick. I didn't think you'd show.
You know, couldn't resist.
- All right. Let's get this thing going.
- [guy] I love it!
We start on the beach.
We go eight miles down
to REAL Watersports.
First one across the buoys
of REAL Watersports wins.
[cheering]
And the rules are?
[all] There are no rules!
That's right. Anything goes.
- All right. Kites up.
- Let's do this!
Look, Sky, we really need to talk.
Oh, hey, Jake. Can I get a ride?
- Yeah, sure. Come on.
- Really?
Sorry.
- Uncle Jake!
- [laughing]
Get the life preservers.
You know it's obvious.
What?
Billy.
I'm not following.
[chuckles] Young lady,
that boy is crazy for you.
[sloshing]
♪♪
Ready!
Set!
- Go!
- [horn blows]
["Drive" feat. Deep Vally
by The Bloody Beetroots playing]
I Amedee!
♪♪
Hey!
[cheering]
["Drive" continues playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[whooping]
♪♪
Whoa!
Hey!
Fuck off, Frenchie! [laughs]
["Live It Up" by Airbourne begins]
[whooping]
[whoops]
Woo-hoo!
[Skeeter] On your back, dick!
[Billy] I'm coming for you!
["Live It Up" continues playing]
[Alderic chuckling]
♪♪
Oh, no!
[horn blows]
Merde!
[cheering]
- Aubrey, go get the jersey.
- Yeah? Okay.
[cheering continues]
Hey. Finally. Can we talk?
Billy Johnson Jr., that was epic!
You had a good day.
[Billy] Kind of wish I could have seen
the look on Alderic's face
- when I landed in front of him.
- That's all right.
You'll see that kicker, Alderic,
and the rest of the pros all this week.
- What do you mean?
- Congratulations, young man.
You won the Open.
[cheering]
Day after tomorrow,
you're a professional rider
in the Wind Voyager Triple-S.
Congrats, dude.
[cheering continues]
Are you serious?
Wow, uh, thank you, Mr. Wind.
- No, no, no, no. Jake.
- Jake.
Hey, is it all right
if I head back out there?
I'm working on something new.
Send it, kid.
[cheering]
♪♪
Hey there, rookie.
Oh, uh, I'm so sorry.
- Miss, um...
- Catherine.
You should be proud of your boy.
I saw your Open run.
You're good. Real good. So am I.
I'm throwing a party tomorrow night
for all the riders.
It's kind of a tradition
the night before the Triple-S.
So, I guess now you're invited.
Uh-huh.
You should come.
- Okay.
- Old people are so weird.
- Hmm.
["Surf's Up" by Vibrolux playing]
[brake being set]
[exhales sharply]
[cuts engine]
[sighs]
- [grunts]
- [horn honks]
[shower stops]
♪♪
[line ringing]
- [phone ringing]
- Mm-hmm.
Excuse me, I gotta take this.
Hey, Billy boy, how's it going?
Uh, good. I guess.
You guess? Billy, you won the Open.
It's gotta be better than good.
How'd you know?
We watched it on OBXS.
You're kind of a celebrity
around here, Billy.
The place went nuts when they heard.
Really? Huh.
So what's really on your mind?
How do you know...
[sighs] if you should fight for someone?
Ah, a girl.
Yes, sir.
Well, I call it the tingle test.
Tingle, sir?
It's usually with a girl
you never expected.
She's the one where your arm,
or your elbow, or your knee
accidentally bump into one another,
and when that happens,
your body feels a...
a tingle, a shock wave.
And if she feels that tingle too...
then that's the girl you fight for.
How do you know if she feels it too?
I suppose you know by the way she either
looks at you like everybody else,
or looks in you. If she looks in,
she's looking at your soul.
That's how soulmates are made.
Your mom and dad sure had that.
Tingle test.
Yeah, I, uh...
I like that, sir.
[birds chirping]
- Hey, how are you?
- Hey, bro.
Good to see you.
- William, baby.
- Hi, how are you?
I thought maybe you decided
not to join our little soiree.
Well, thank you for inviting me,
Miss Catherine.
You're wel... aw, you are too cute.
Would you like to go on a private tour
before we all go inside?
Uh, you know...
- Oh, sweet.
- Thanks, bro. Good looking out.
I actually have to go
catch up with some friends,
- so excuse me.
- Okay.
Hide this. Don't serve it.
- [Rad whoops]
- Guys, how did you get invited?
- What?
- We weren't invited?
- Well, we're here...
- Now. [laughing]
♪♪
- This remind you of anything?
- No.
[scoffs] Come on. Really?
- [laughs]
- No, Jake.
Look, we can't pretend
that we didn't happen.
We tried. It didn't work.
I know. That was my fault.
I admit that. But I wanted us forever.
I haven't seen you in forever.
It's only been six months
and thought about you every second.
Then why didn't you call?
Or come back to me or talk to me.
Anything. A hint?
I don't know. I was confused.
You were so excited
about working with Alderic.
I didn't want to crush
that accomplishment.
I couldn't. I wouldn't.
Plus, I didn't know.
Didn't know what?
I didn't know if you were falling for him.
I mean, come on.
He's... he's the best in the world.
He's younger.
[chuckles] He's French.
And he's a real douchebag.
I mean, come on, Jake, give me credit.
That he is.
And you're right. I-I should have.
I've had this since Cannes.
Recognize it?
- I do.
- You should.
You threw it at me pretty hard.
You deserved it.
I'm sorry. I was an idiot.
And all I'm asking...
is for another chance
to do right by you.
Eve, I haven't given up on us.
I love you.
You're my soulmate.
[sighs]
♪♪
- Hey.
- Uncle Jake!
Come on! Everyone's waiting!
Okay.
- We better get going.
- [sighs]
Aw, thank you so much.
[Catherine hums]
Jake, my man. What's her story?
Super rich and hot as balls.
And likes to deflower you young ones.
Oh, boy.
Aubrey, can I get you a Shirley Temple?
What's a Shirley Temple?
Eve. Finally, you arrive.
We should leave soon. Okay?
We'll leave when it's time to leave.
You have a beautiful home, Miss C.
Oh, darling, I rent this old thing.
- My home's actually in Aspen.
- [chuckles]
Hmm. Excuse me.
There you are. Last but not least.
- Sky, is it?
- Call me Skyler.
Skyler, that's right.
Well, come on in.
Don't you look nice?
Thank you.
Did you borrow your dress?
No, I model these for Sensi now.
Oh...
But this dress is, I don't know,
- much too young for you.
- [chuckles]
They don't make a size small enough
for me, honey.
Enjoy.
Yeah.
I'd like to make a toast.
First, for hosting
and always supporting us,
the lovely Catherine.
I also want you to look
around your tables.
You are staring at some
of the best kiteboarders in the world.
All of you want to win,
and in the end,
there will be three men
and three women on that podium
and one Iconic Air award,
and then what are we gonna do?
[yelling] Send it!
Wherever the wind blows us,
all over the world.
Raise your glasses
to Catherine, to competition,
and most importantly, to one another.
- [all cheering]
- [glasses clinking]
Can I say something?
- Oh!
- [groans]
- Oh.
- [Jake] Nice.
[in French]
- Here's to space.
- [group reacts]
When God made man,
he made 'im with string.
He had a little extra,
so he left a little thing.
[all groaning]
When God made woman,
he made her with lace
and he didn't have enough
so he left a little space.
- [laughter]
- Here's to space.
[crowd groans]
- [Skeeter] To space.
- Hey! There you go!
Aubrey, shut your ears.
I'm used to it.
[giggling]
- To space.
- To space!
♪♪
- Bye, thank you.
- Thank you.
- As always.
- Thank you for coming.
- Bye, Aubrey.
- Merci.
- Good night.
- Are you sure you have to go?
- Yes.
Thank you so much, ma'am.
I gotta get rest for tomorrow.
You are welcome, but I sure
could eat you up with a spoon.
- [both chuckle]
- Go get some rest.
- All right. Good night.
- Good night.
Hey, I have some advice for you.
Years ago, I did not fight for love
when I had the chance.
Don't make the same mistake I did.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Good night.
- Miss Catherine, thank you.
- Yes?
- Konnichiwa.
- You're welcome.
- Have a good one.
- See you tomorrow.
- For sure.
- Hey, good night.
- It's good to see you.
- Good to see you.
Hey, um, is it okay
if I get my backpack?
I left it the other day
and I kind of need my stuff.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, of course. Come on.
- Good night.
- Cat-woman.
- Aw.
- That dinner was epic.
Oh, I'm glad you liked it.
Good night. Bye.
[clears throat, chuckles]
You're not going anywhere.
How about a little space?
[brake setting]
She's not up there, is she?
Sarah? No.
She's gone and she's not coming back.
Okay, then.
- Wait.
- [sighs]
Look... I didn't tell you why she left.
Yeah, she thought you cheated with me.
No, I... I told her the truth.
She knows nothing happened between us.
Nothing happened? Really?
Look. You don't owe me anything.
I don't owe you anything.
I mean... you're a great guy.
Sky, hold on.
Don't do this. I'm not doing this.
I don't know "this."
I was never taught "this."
Sky, just listen to me! Hear me out.
My dad was killed.
And I feel really guilty,
because my only memories of him
are what people tell me.
And then my mom, she got sick,
so who knows where I would have been
without Coach?
He was my Dad's teammate
in the SEALs but after...
he ran a cable wakeboarding park.
Literally, I barely knew him
and he took me in.
And Sarah, she was the "it" girl.
Not mine, though.
Then wham, Triple-S, Hatteras,
but really... you.
And I told Sarah I think
I know what great should at least be.
So she's gone. She went home.
She and me are over.
We were never right.
From the beginning.
- I've got such a past...
- Who doesn't?
Sarah. She has everything.
Did you not hear me?
What I just said? Oh, my God!
I don't want to be like her,
like all the other normal girls?
- I just can't.
- Exactly!
You're amazing. Spontaneous and...
and confident and sweet.
And then battle-ready,
unpredictable, beautiful...
and I got all that in just a week.
♪♪
If only you could see inside my brain.
Protect my heart if it's in your hands.
Will you protect mine, Sky?
Yes, Billy. I will.
You called me Billy.
["Simple" by Kevin Quinn begins playing]
["Simple" continues]
♪♪
[fanfare playing]
[Tony Smith] Welcome,
ladies and gentlemen,
to the Wind Voyager Triple-S invitational
kiteboarding championship,
located at the REAL Watersports facility
in Cape Hatteras, North Carolina.
I'm Tony Smith, and along with me
for this great ride
is five-time Triple-S champion,
the grand dame of women's kiteboarding,
the incomparable Susi Mai.
Why, thank you for having me.
It's amazing to be back.
And what a beautiful day
here in the Outer Banks.
The wind is out of the southwest,
a perfect 26-miles-per-hour.
The sliders are set up on the slick
and we're ready to go.
♪♪
[Susi] Perfect conditions
for the tournament today, Tony.
[Smith] While the riders warm up,
let's go over the rules of the Triple-S.
First there will be a series
of competitive heats.
The riders go head to head
against one another
and based on the judges scores,
they either advance ultimately
to the finals heat
or they take that long
and very lonely walk,
having been eliminated
from the competition.
That's right. The best 24 male
and female riders
will be going up against each other,
but only three of them get to stand
on the podium,
plus, of course, the winner
of the Iconic Air award.
Twenty-four down to three.
Oh, I'm nervous already!
[horn blows]
Well, the horn has sounded,
the warmups are over and here we go.
The Wind Voyager Triple-S
is under way.
["Disorder” by Meatbodies
playing throughout]
["Disorder" continues playing]
- Massive yard sale right there, Tony.
- Very uncharacteristic.
["Disorder" continues playing]
[Jake] That's it for today.
[Smith] That wraps up
the preliminary heats of the Triple-S
and the standings are in.
The leaders in the men's division
are Alderic Amedee
and Skeeter Bowman,
and in the women's division,
Sensi Graves and Colleen Carroll.
Tune in tomorrow
for the championship finals.
- [water laps]
- [seagulls cry]
Sky.
- You nervous about tomorrow?
- Yeah.
Then it's all over, I guess.
Tomorrow.
No, Sky. It won't be over.
I've got to tell you something.
Yeah. Anything.
I got a ride.
What does that mean?
It's been a great week, but...
- What are you talking about?
- I'm leaving tomorrow morning.
No, no, no, no, no.
I've been thinking about it
and there's just no way.
Sky, no.
We made promises.
My past will catch up with me.
I don't care about your past.
We need... no...
I need to see this through.
I'll go quit. Right now.
Let's go. We'll get in the jeep
and we'll leave.
Billy, stop.
We will find our everywhere.
Just you and me.
I had a shitty childhood,
full of foster homes and creepy foster
fathers and brothers.
There's another guy...
I ran away with him.
I've conned people.
I had to get out,
I'm a better person than that.
But I'm always running.
I ran away from him a couple of days
before I met you at the diner.
And he's gonna come after me.
And he'll hurt you. And me.
And I can take it,
but I can't take it if he hurts you.
[sighs, laughs]
That's it?
Yeah.
That's it? Seriously?
You think I care about some guy?
I thought you were
gonna say something bad.
Oh, man, Sky, we will figure that out.
That is easy.
You're not going anywhere tomorrow.
Are you for real?
I got you.
We're gonna live out our truth.
[Sky sighs]
["Stones" by Heuse feat. Chris Linton
& Emma Sameth playing]
["Stones" continues playing]
["Stones" continues]
[fanfare playing]
[horn blows]
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen,
to the final round
of the Triple-S invitational.
The competitive heats
have been whittled down,
the judges have been
tabulating scores,
and based on today's performances,
the men's and women's division winners
will be determined.
[horn blows]
["Animal" by The Pack A.D.
playing throughout]
Oh, and it looks like he's going
out the gates
with a huge trick landing too, Tony.
Very impressive, Susi.
["Animal" continues playing]
Didn't quite make that one.
♪♪
Wow. I mean, flawless.
- [horn blows]
- [song ends]
[rain pattering]
♪♪
Rain delay.
[grunts] Waiting for wind.
The story of my life.
♪♪
- Hey, I gotta go.
- Okay, bye.
[Rad and Call yelling]
Hey! Billy! Hey!
[indistinct yelling]
Whoa ho ho!
How you feeling?
- Nervous.
- [chuckles] Ditto that.
Questione.
What you got after Triple-S?
Funny. I was just talking about that.
Hey, bro, look at me.
You got this. Just breathe.
[horn blows]
[Smith] Well, Susi, the wind is picking up
and that horn means
the rain delay is over.
We're good to go, Uncle Jake.
Good to go.
[Smith] Let's get back to the action.
A strong competitor in the competition,
Wind Voyager's own
Skeeter Bowman.
["Burning Wheels"
by The Trews playing throughout]
["Burning Wheels" continues playing]
[cheering]
And now the moment
we've all been waiting for.
From Cannes, France,
the Frenchman and reigning
world champion, Alderic Amedee.
[song in French playing]
♪♪
[cheering]
Alderic really showed up.
You should be proud.
And next up is the rookie
of the competition, winner of the Open,
from Dallas, Texas-
- Billy Johnson Jr.
- [cheering]
Go Billy!
Come on, Billy!
["Honey" by Velvet Volume
playing throughout]
[both] Whoa!
["Honey" continues playing]
Hey, look!
[mouthing] Come on,
come on, come on!
Land, Billy, land it!
♪♪
- Yes! Yes, yes!
- [cheering]
[yelling] Oh! Whoa!
[laughing]
Nine.
Nine hundred.
- Yeah. Copy that.
- [horn blows]
And that's the end of the competition.
We're done.
Well, I feel sorry
for the judges, Susi.
I don't know how they're gonna narrow it
down to three, much less pick a winner.
For OBXS, Tony Smith and Susi Mai.
Stick around for the awards,
coming up next.
Oh, Billy Johnson Jr.
[in French]
What the fu...
You speak French.
[laughs, speaks French]
[cheering]
[indistinct chatter]
[Susi] All right.
And the first place
in the female division goes to...
Colleen Carroll!
[cheering]
[Rad] All right! [laughs]
[cheering continues]
Those are your women's division champions.
[cheering]
Thank you, ladies. Thank you, Susi.
Well, I have to get back
to the broadcast booth,
so I'm gonna turn over the honors
to announce the men's division champion
to Wind Voyager's Jake Wind.
- [cheering]
- Yeah, hey!
Thank you, Tony.
Thank you, Susi.
All right, the men's division,
let's get to it.
In third place...
- Skeeter Bowman.
- [cheering]
Way to go, Skeets.
In second place...
Mighty Sam Light.
[cheering]
And last,
but not least,
our champion...
first place...
- Alderic Amedee.
- [jeers]
Boo!
[Jake] No, no, no. Give it up.
Send it for him. Come on.
I really do love you guys.
Thank you.
- The men's champions!
- [cheering]
All right. We have one more award,
and that is the Iconic Air Award,
sponsored by Wind Voyager.
Wind Voyager is proud to have
the best kite tours in the world
on, get a load of this...
the 95-foot Cat The Cartouche.
♪♪
The Iconic Air award goes to that kiter
who has the most innovative
trick of the year.
This year's Iconic Air Award winner is-
Aubrey, will you help me out?
Rookie sensation Billy Johnson Jr.
Oh, my God!
[cheering]
What? What?!
- [screaming]
- Are you serious?
Let's have a drink for our kid! Billy!
Come on up, Billy.
- [speaks indistinctly]
- [cheering]
- Skeeter!
- Well played.
Good job, man!
Good job, Billy.
Oh, my God. Yeah!
[cheering]
Whoo! Billy! Yeah!
Uh, look, I-I just want
to say thank you, Jake Wind,
and to everyone who's been
supporting me along the way.
You guys have been
the best fans. Thank you.
- Hey, not bad for a cowboy, huh?
- [cheering]
- [yelling]
- [cheers continue]
He earned it. Don't you think?
[cheering]
♪♪
[cellphone rings]
I was wondering how long it was gonna
take for you to call me.
Jake, it's Richard.
I've been watching OBXS
and I just want you to tell me
that you're signing that kid.
Oh, yeah. Done and done.
And the best thing is,
he's even a better person
than he is a kiter.
Outstanding young man.
Well, I hope there's room
for another sponsor.
Um, like maybe Virgin, perhaps?
You owe me, Jake.
I've always got room for you. Take care.
♪♪
Excusez-moi.
Excusez-moi, please, please,
please, excusez-moi.
On behalf of Alderic Amedee,
thank you to REAL Watersports
and Triple-S,
Jason Sleezak, Matt Nuzzo and Trip Forman.
[cheering]
And a big thank you to all the fans.
- Thank you!
- [cheering]
To all the pros for creating moments
that we will never forget,
but there is one thing that I will never
forget about this championship.
Jake Wind, come here.
[crowd murmurs and cheers]
The other day, you asked me a question
and I didn't give you an answer,
but today I'm ready to say...
- [crowd murmurs]
- [Rad] What?
Yes, I will marry you.
[cheering]
Well, that concludes the Triple-S
for this year.
- We'll see you all next year!
- [cheering]
Let's go party!
♪♪
Where is he?
- Let's get under way.
- Right-oh.
- We've got to go.
- Five more minutes.
I don't have five minutes.
We're gonna lose our berth in Ibiza.
Guys, say goodbye to Palma.
[all] Bye, Palma.
Angelo. I'll take over
when we're under way.
♪♪
Ooh, thank you.
[chuckles]
Oh, my God!
[Sky] Huh?
Unbelievable.
[jet ski engine roaring]
- [Skeeter] Jake! He made it!
- What?
- Angelo, cut the engines, drop anchor.
- Copy that.
♪♪
[machinery whirs]
[Alderic] Come on, girls, let's go.
Alderic is here!
[in French]
Ah, no, my old sponsor
didn't take the news so well
about me joining Wind Voyager.
I was worried you changed your mind.
No. Alderic's word is his bond.
Here. Welcome.
Nice, hey, merci.
And, uh, who are your friends?
Uh... This is Bella
and Isabella.
I need some champagne.
I'll show you where your cabin is.
[in French]
[machinery whirrs]
Yo, Alderic.
- You're an animal.
- [laughs]
Whoa, putain!
Hey, this boat is insane.
Yeah, bro. Your room is down there.
Really? Hey, ladies.
[in French]
["See This Through"
by Andrea Miller playing]
[chuckling]
[cork pops]
Sounds like bubbly.
Hey. Got enough for me?
Darling, everything I have is all yours.
- [glasses clink]
- To us.
[chuckles]
Mm...
Is this part of your everywhere?
Anywhere with you is my everywhere.
When I look in your eyes,
I feel so safe.
I got you.
And I got you.
Wait, did you say
when you look in my eyes?
- Mm-hmm.
- [chuckles]
- [beeping]
- What was that?
- Auto-pilot.
- Good.
♪♪
["Get Higher" by Palaye Royale playing]
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull